Mod Protocol:
	How to carry out Temp bans:
		Type in /Tempban (Username) (Time in 		Seconds) (Reason) There must be 		sufficient proof of the offense, such as 		a screentshot or video. This must be 		included in the tempban reason, if you 		won't have a video link until it's 		uploaded, then you must wait for it to 		tempban.
	How to behave in chat:
		Act professional, you can joke around, 				but we need you to behave 				professionally, and do not act immature 			around the players.
	What deserves a Temp ban:
		After a serious rule breaking offense, 				or otherwise multiple kicks/warnings 				have happened, with no other method able 		to be used as punishment
	What do you do outside of banning:
		You answer player questions, you handle 			chat offenses(if there are any). You 				handle hacking, and other offenses.
	How do you handle accidents:
		Undo the accident, and Private Message 		the player an apology.
	How to answer player questions:
		If the answer to their question isn't on 		the list of questions and answers, and 		it isn't a stupid question, then you 		should respond with the most appropriate 		answer, if you don't have the answer, 		review the protocol for a way to 		respond.
	What deserves a kick:
		A repeated offense that didn't stop with 		a warning or a mute. Such as, but not 		limited to, spamming, or hacking.
	What deserves a mute:
		Spamming
	What to do when asked stupid questions:
		Ignore them. Never respond to them at 				all.
	SC to use when applying for Moderator:
		Your secret code is your name with your 		age next to it plus your age multiplied 		by 5. Place it in your addition info 		after this "SC:"
	What is a stupid question:
		1. Can I have OP
		2. Can I fly?
		3. Can I be (Insert rank here)?
		4. Can you be my friend?
		5. Can I have (X) Item?
		6. When will this game be open?
		7. When is (youtuber) coming on?
		Etcetera.
	How to answer questions you don't know the 			answer to:
		You ask an admin or higher, otherwise 				send a message on the forums to the 				higher staff.
	A list of questions, and there answers:
		1. Can I be a builder?
			Apply on the forums.
		2. How do I become staff?
			Apply on the forums.
		3. Where is the forum?
			Gameonmc.com
		4. What is the Teamspeak3 IP(ts3)?
			Go.play.it
		5. Who is the owner?
			Every staff member is an owner.
		6. Where are the games?
			In their respective rooms.
		7. Can I be unbanned?
			Appeal on the forums.
		8. Can I be unmuted?
			No.
		9. I want to offer a business 					oppurtunity/venture?	
			Send an admin a PM for business 				offers and ventures.
		10. Can you make/add (gamemode)?
		
			Make a post in the suggestions 					section of the forums.